[ADD] Payroll: adding new configuration doc (#4249)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/payroll/configuration.rst

If the working time should be in a two-week configuration, click the :guilabel:`Switch To 2 Week
Calendar` smart button. This will create entries for an *even week* and and *odd week*.

Salary
======

Structure Types
---------------

The different types of structure types can be seen by going to :menuselection:`Payroll -->
Configuration --> Structure Types`.

There are two default structure types configured in Odoo: *Employee*, and *Worker*. Typically,
*Employee* is used for salaried employees, which is why the *Wage Type* is **Monthly Fixed Wage**,
and *Worker* is typically used for employees paid by the hour, so the  *Wage Type* is **Hourly**.

.. image:: configuration/structure-type.png
   :align: center
   :alt: List of all structure types.

New *Structure Types* can be created by clicking the :guilabel:`Create` smart button. Most fields
will be pre-populated, but all fields can be edited. Once the fields are edited, click the
:guilabel:`Save` smart button to save the changes, or :guilabel:`Discard` to delete the entry.

.. image:: configuration/new-structure.png
   :align: center
   :alt: New structure type box.

Structures
----------

> :guilabel:`Structures` displays all the various structures for each **Structure Type**. To view the

Author: I  linked the word 'structure type' to the paragraph I added above explaining the difference as well as adding a small explanation.

   :align: center
   :alt: Create a new Input Type.

Salary Package Configurator
===========================

Advantages
----------

When offering potential employees a position, there can be certain **advantages** to make the offer
more appealing. Any specific advantage is listed in the advantages section of the configuration
menu. To see the advantages, go to  :menuselection:`Payroll --> Configuration --> Advantages`.

.. image:: configuration/advantages.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Settings available for payroll.

To make a new advantage, click the :guilabel:`Create` smart button. A pop up appears for the
advantage. Enter the information in the fields, then click the :guilabel:`Save` smart button to save
the changes, or :guilabel:`Discard` to delete the entry.

.. image:: configuration/new-advantage.png
   :align: center
   :alt: List of advantages employee's can have.

Personal Info
-------------

The *Personal Information* section lists all of the fields that are available to enter on the
employee's card.

.. image:: configuration/personal-info.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Personal information that appear on employee cards to enter.

> To edit an entry, click on the line, and a box with the configuration for that piece of information
> will appear. To edit the information, click the :guilabel:`Edit` smart button, and modify the entry.

Reviewer: I'm not sure that the configuration form "appears" so much as clicking on a line just takes you to the form page, if you get what I mean? :)
```suggestion
To edit an entry, click on the line. Then, click the :guilabel:`Edit` button, and modify the entry.
```

When done, click :guilabel:`Save` or :guilabel:`Discard` to save the information or cancel the
edits.

> To create a new entry, click the :guilabel:`Create` smart button. A box will appear with all of the
> fields to enter.

Reviewer: Same as the above comment. Also fixing the use of "smart button".
```suggestion
To create a new entry, click :guilabel:`Create`.
```

.. image:: configuration/personal-new.png
   :align: center
   :alt: New personal information entry.

> The two most important fields are the *Is Required* checkbox, and the *Display Type* drop down
> selection. Checking the *Is Required* box will make the field mandatory on the Employee's card.
> 
> The *Display Type* drop down allows for the information to be entered in a variety of ways, from a
> text box, a customizable radio button, a check box, a document, and more. This will affect how the
> field appears.

Reviewer: Fixing formatting.

Also, for the last line, "This will affect how the field appears", where does it appear?
```suggestion
The two most important fields are :guilabel:`Is Required` and :guilabel:`Display Type`. Checking the :guilabel:`Is Required` box will make the field mandatory on the Employee's card.

The :guilabel:`Display Type` drop-down menu allows for the information to be entered in a variety of ways, from a
text box, a customizable radio button, a check box, a document, and more. This will affect how the
field appears.
```

> Once the information is entered, click the :guilabel:`Save` or :guilabel:`Discard` smart buttons to
> either save or delete the entry.

Reviewer: Not sure if you need to explain the Discard button in every section (or maybe even at all)?
```suggestion
Once the information is entered, click the :guilabel:`Save` button to save the entry.
```

- :guilabel:`Code`: This code appears with the work entry type on timesheets and payslips. Since
  the code is used in conjunction with the *Accounting* application, it is advised to check with
  the accounting department for a code to use.

- :guilabel:`Sequence`: The sequence determines the order the work entry is be computed in the
  payslip list.

- Check Off Boxes: If any of the items in the list applies to the work entry, check off
  the box by clicking it. If :guilabel:`Time Off` is checked off, a :guilabel:`Time Off Type` field
  appears. This field has a drop-down menu to select the specific type of time off, or a new type of time
  off can be entered.

.. image:: configuration/new-work-entry.png
   :align: center
   :alt: New work entry type box.

- **Rounding:**

  - **No Rounding:** A time sheet entry is not modified.
  - **Half Day:** A time sheet entry is rounded to the closest half day amount.
  - **Day:**  A time sheet entry is rounded to the closest full day amount.

.. example::
   If an employee enters a time of 5.5 hours on a timesheet, and :guilabel:`Rounding` is set to
   :guilabel:`No Rounding`, the entry remains 5.5 hours. If :guilabel:`Rounding` is set to

>    :guilabel:`Half Day`, the entry is changed to 4 hours. If it is set to :guilabel:`Day`, it is

Author: Correct- when set to rounding, it rounds to whatever it was sent, but I have no idea of the legality of it- I just know that's how Odoo works =D 

As for the hours, you are correct- it is based off of what the working day is, which is set on the working hours. So it rounds based off of what a "day" is set to, so I like the addition of the 8 hour day specification.  I just put it at the beginning since both half and whole day is based off the length a "day" is

on the form.

.. image:: configuration/new-working-times.png
   :align: center
   :alt: New working type box.

The fields are auto-populated for a regular 40-hour work week but can be modified. First, change the
name of the working time by modifying the text in the name field. Next, make any adjustments to the
days and times the new specific working time applies to.

Modify the :guilabel:`Day of Week`, :guilabel:`Day Period`, and :guilabel:`Work Entry Type`
selections by clicking on the drop-down menu for each field and making the desired selection. The
:guilabel:`Work From` and :guilabel:`Work To` fields are modified by typing in the time.

.. note::
   The time must be in a 24-hour format. For example, `2:00 PM` would be entered as `14:00`.

If the working time should be in a two-week configuration, click the :guilabel:`Switch To 2 Week
Calendar` button. This creates entries for an *even week* and an *odd week*.

Salary
======

.. _payroll/structure-types:

Structure types
---------------

In Odoo, an employee's payslip is based off of a few different
settings and configurations. *Structures* and *Structure Types* are linked, and both affect how an

> employee enters timesheets. Each *structure* has specified *structure types* defined on it.

Author: This was admittedly very confusing for me, and after re-reading this many times, I agree with you- structures and structure types are so similar and overlapping in many ways, but you are correct, I switched them.

Structure Types`.

There are two default structure types configured in Odoo: *Employee* and *Worker*. Typically,
*Employee* is used for salaried employees, which is why the wage type is *Monthly Fixed Wage*,
and *Worker* is typically used for employees paid by the hour, so the  wage type is *Hourly*.

.. image:: configuration/structure-type.png
   :align: center
   :alt: List of all structure types.

Click the :guilabel:`Create` button to mae a new structure types. Most fields are pre-populated, but
all fields can be edited. Once the fields are edited, click the :guilabel:`Save` button to save the
changes, or click :guilabel:`Discard` to delete the entry.

.. image:: configuration/new-structure.png
   :align: center
   :alt: New structure type box.

Structures
----------

:guilabel:`Salary Structures` are the individual ways an employee gets paid, and are defined by
various rules. Each :ref:`payroll/structure-types` lists all the *structures* available for that particular
structure type.

The amount of structures a company needs depends on how many different kinds of employees are
working, and how different their pay is calculated. For example, a common structure that could be

> useful to add may be a **contract** worker, or an **intern**.

Author: I fleshed out the section above to explain the difference between structures and structure types, so I think it's a bit more clear now,

The default structures for the Employee are *Regular Pay*, and *13th month - End of the year
bonus*. Each specific structure lists how many rules that structure has. For example, *Regular Pay*
has 11 rules. These rules are what calculate the payslip for the employee.

.. image:: configuration/structure-regular-pay-rules.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Salary structure details for Regular Pay.

Rules
-----

Each structure type has a set of rules to follow for accounting purposes. These rules are configured
by the localization, and affect the *Accounting* application, so modifications to the default rules,
or the creation of new rules, should only be done when necessary.

To view all the rules, go to :menuselection:`Payroll --> Configuration --> Rules`. Click on the
drop-down arrow next to a listed structure (such as :guilabel:`Regular Pay`) to view all the rules
for that specific structure.

.. image:: configuration/rules.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Rules for each salary structure type.

Rule parameters
---------------

Salary *rule parameters* affect the various rules for salary configuration. New rule parameters are

> not recommended to create unless specifically needed by the accounting department. To access the

Author: After discussing with Zac, I changed this to a section explaining that it is not fleshed out and is mostly for Belgium. I did the same thing with the Resume section since it's similar- doesn't make a lot of sense, doesn't benefit the end user.

deductions, dependents, etc.). When an applicant applies for a job on the company website, the
sections under Salary Package Configurator directly affect what the applicant sees, and what is
populated as the applicant enters information.

Advantages
----------

When offering potential employees a position, there can be certain advantages set in Odoo to make
the offer more appealing other than the salary, such as extra time off, access to a company car,
reimbursement for a phone or internet, etc. Any specific advantage is listed in the
:guilabel:`Advantages` section of the configuration menu. To see the advantages, go to
:menuselection:`Payroll --> Configuration --> Advantages`.

.. image:: configuration/advantages.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Settings available for payroll.

To make a new advantage, click the :guilabel:`Create` button. Enter the information in the fields,
then click the :guilabel:`Save` button to save the changes, or click :guilabel:`Discard` to delete
the entry.

.. image:: configuration/new-advantage.png
   :align: center
   :alt: List of advantages employee's can have.

Personal info
-------------

> Every employee in Odoo has an `employee card` that includes all of their personal information,

Reviewer: I think it's better to use italics here to emphasize the phrase, rather than backticks (which usually denote something that you type in).

Also could be helpful to mention where/how you view the employee card in Odoo.
```suggestion
Every employee in Odoo has an *employee card* that includes all of their personal information,
```

Author: Good idea- there's 3 ways to get to them so I added all of them.

resume, work information, and documents.

.. note::

>    An employee card can be thought of as an employee file.

Reviewer: Adding info that I believe is accurate/descriptive of the file.
```suggestion
   An employee card can be thought of as an employee personnel file.
```

>    An employee card can be thought of as an employee file.

Reviewer: Adding info that I believe is accurate/descriptive of the file.
```suggestion
   An employee card can be thought of as an employee personnel file.
```

The *Personal Information* section lists all of the fields that are available to enter on the
employee's card. To access this section, go to :menuselection:`Payroll --> Configuration -->

> Personal Information`.

Reviewer: The UI actually reads "Personal Info" instead of "Personal Information", so I think we should go with the UI even though spelling out the word "information" is more proper.
```suggestion
Personal Info`.
```

.. image:: configuration/personal-info.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Personal information that appear on employee cards to enter.

> To edit an entry, click on the line. Then, click the :guilabel:`Edit` button, and modify the entry.

Reviewer: Wording suggestions.
```suggestion
To edit an entry, select it from the list. Then, click the :guilabel:`Edit` button, and modify the entry.
```

When done, click :guilabel:`Save` or :guilabel:`Discard` to save the information or cancel the
edits.

> To create a new entry, click :guilabel:`Create`. A box appears with all the fields to enter.

Reviewer: I don't think this box "appears" so much as clicking on the entry just takes you to the form. We probably don't need this sentence.
```suggestion
To create a new entry, click :guilabel:`Create`.
```

> To create a new entry, click :guilabel:`Create`. A box appears with all the fields to enter.

Reviewer: I don't know if this box "appears" so much as clicking on the entry just takes you to the form. We probably don't need this sentence.
```suggestion
To create a new entry, click :guilabel:`Create`.
```

.. image:: configuration/personal-new.png
   :align: center
   :alt: New personal information entry.

> The two most important fields are :guilabel:`Is Required` and :guilabel:`Display Type`. Checking

Reviewer: Adding specificity.
```suggestion
The two most important fields on the personal info form are :guilabel:`Is Required` and :guilabel:`Display Type`. Checking
```

> the :guilabel:`Is Required` box will make the field mandatory on the employee's card.

Reviewer: Staying in present tense.
```suggestion
the :guilabel:`Is Required` box makes the field mandatory on the employee's card.
```

The :guilabel:`Display Type` drop-down menu allows for the information to be entered in a variety of
ways, from a text box, a customizable radio button, a check box, a document, and more.

Once the information is entered, click the :guilabel:`Save` button to save the entry.

Resume
------

> Click on :menuselection:`Payroll --> Configuration --> Resume` to view the list of items that are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to :menuselection:`Payroll --> Configuration --> Resume` to view the list of items that are
```

> pulled from online job applications housed in the resume section. These fields are populated when a

Author: After discussing with Zac, I changed this to a section explaining that it is not fleshed out and is mostly for Belgium. I did the same thing with the Rule Parameters since it's similar- doesn't make a lot of sense, doesn't benefit the end user.

localization is selected. The default items are gross, monthly equivalent, employer cost, and net.

.. image:: configuration/resume.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The list of items in the resume section related to payroll.

> There should be no need to modify these as it will affect payroll an accounting, but edits can be
> made. Click on an individual entry to see the details for the entry. Click :guilabel:`Edit` to make

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There should be no need to modify these as it will affect payroll and accounting, but edits can be
made if needed. Click on an individual entry to see the details for the entry. Click :guilabel:`Edit` to make
```

handles country-specific localizations to ensure that payslips follow local rules and taxes, and
allows for salary assignments. Payroll configuration is critical to ensure accurate and timely
processing of payslips.

Settings
========

To access the settings, go to :menuselection:`Payroll --> Configuration --> Settings`. Whether or
not payslips are posted in accounting, and whether SEPA payments are created, is selected here.

The :guilabel:`Settings` section is where localization settings are configured. *Localizations* are
country-specific settings pre-configured in Odoo at the creation of the database, and account for
all taxes, fees, and allowances for that particular country. The localization section of the
settings includes a detailed view of all benefits provided to employees.

.. image:: configuration/payroll-settings.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Settings available for Payroll.

Any country-specific localizations are set up in the :guilabel:`Localization` section of the
settings screen. All localization items are pre-populated when the country is specified during the
creation of the database. It is not recommended to alter the localization settings unless

> specifically required.

Author: I agree- screen is good to me!

Work entries
============

A *work entry* is an individual record on an employee's timesheet. Work entries can be configured to
account for all types of work and time off, such as :guilabel:`Attendance`, :guilabel:`Sick Time
Off`, :guilabel:`Training`, or :guilabel:`Public Holiday`.

Work entry types
----------------

When creating a work entry in the *Payroll* application, or when an employee enters information in
the *Timesheets* application, a :guilabel:`Work Entry Type` needs to be selected. The list of
:guilabel:`Work Entry Types` is automatically created based on localization settings set in the
database.

To view the current work entry types available.Go to :menuselection:`Payroll --> Configuration -->
Work Entry Types`

Each work entry type has a code to aid in the creation of payslips, and ensure all taxes and fees

> are correctly entered.

Author: Yeah these are tough, since I feel the need to explain the why, then the how, and I am using the terms in the UI.  I also wonder what @StraubCreative says on this.

> are correctly entered.

Author: Yeah these are tough, since I feel the need to explain the why, then the how, and I am using the terms in the UI.  I also wonder what @StraubCreative says on this.

.. image:: configuration/work-entry-types.png
   :align: center
   :alt: List of all work entry types currently available.

New work entry type
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To create a new work entry type, click the :guilabel:`Create` button. Enter the information on the
form:

- :guilabel:`Work Entry Type Name`: The name should be short and descriptive, such as `Sick Time` or
  `Public Holiday`.
- :guilabel:`Code`: This code appears with the work entry type on timesheets and payslips. Since
  the code is used in conjunction with the *Accounting* application, it is advised to check with
  the accounting department for a code to use.
- :guilabel:`Sequence`: The sequence determines the order that the work entry is computed in the
  payslip list.
- Check Boxes: If any of the items in the list applies to the work entry, check off the box by
  clicking it. If :guilabel:`Time Off` is checked off, a :guilabel:`Time Off Type` field appears.
  This field has a drop-down menu to select the specific type of time off, or a new type of time off
  can be entered.

.. image:: configuration/new-work-entry.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: New work entry type box.

Author: 100%!

   specific range, which is entered beneath the selection), or a :guilabel:`Python Expression` (the
   code is entered beneath the selection).
 - :guilabel:`Amount Type`: In the :guilabel:`General` tab, select from the drop-down menu whether
   the amount is a :guilabel:`Fixed Amount`, a :guilabel:`Percentage (%)`, or a :guilabel:`Python
   Code`. Depending on what is selected, the fixed amount, percentage, or Python code needs to be
   entered next.

Rule parameters
---------------

.. note::
   Currently, the **Rule Parameters** feature found inside the :menuselection:`Payroll app -->
   Configuration` menu is still in development and only serves a specific use case for Belgian
   markets. The documentation will be updated when this section has matured to more markets.

Other input types
-----------------

When creating payslips, it is sometimes necessary to add other entries for specific circumstances,
like expenses, reimbursements, or deductions. These other inputs can be configured by going to
:menuselection:`Payroll --> Configuration --> Other Input Types`.

.. image:: configuration/other-input.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Other input types for payroll.

> To create a new :guilabel:`Input Type`, click the :guilabel:`Create` button. Enter the
> :guilabel:`Description`, the :guilabel:`Code`, and which structure it applies to. Click the
> :guilabel:`Save` button to save the changes, or click :guilabel:`Discard` to delete the entry.

Reviewer 2: No need for a gui on _input type_, and adding the **Availability in Structure** field for added context
```suggestion
To create a new input type, click the :guilabel:`Create` button. Enter the :guilabel:`Description`,
the :guilabel:`Code`, and which structure it applies to in the :guilabel:`Availability in Structure`
field. Click the :guilabel:`Save` button to save the changes, or click :guilabel:`Discard` to delete
the entry.
```

salary is adjusted accordingly. When an applicant applies for a job on the company website, the
sections under :guilabel:`Salary Package Configurator` directly affect what the applicant sees, and
what is populated as the applicant enters information.

Advantages
----------

When offering potential employees a position, there can be certain *advantages* set in Odoo in
addition to the salary to make the offer more appealing (such as extra time off, access to a company
car, reimbursement for a phone or internet, etc.). Advantages are grouped by structure type.

To see the advantages, go to :menuselection:`Payroll --> Configuration --> Advantages`.

.. image:: configuration/advantages.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Settings available for payroll.

To make a new advantage, click the :guilabel:`Create` button. Enter the information in the fields,
then click the :guilabel:`Save` button to save the changes, or click :guilabel:`Discard` to delete
the entry.

.. image:: configuration/new-advantage.png
   :align: center
   :alt: List of advantages employee's can have.

The required fields for an advantage are:

>  - :guilabel:`Name`: Enter the name for the advantage.
>  - :guilabel:`Advantage Field`: Select from the drop-down menu what field in the payslip this
>    advantage appears under.
>  - :guilabel:`Advantage Type`: Select from the drop-down menu what type of advantage the benefit is.
>    Select from :guilabel:`Monthly Benefit in Kind`, :guilabel:`Monthly Advantages in Net`,
>    :guilabel:`Monthly Advantages in Cash`, or :guilabel:`Yearly Advantages in Cash`.
>  - :guilabel:`Salary Structure Type`: Select from the drop-down menu which salary structure type
>    this advantage applies to.

Reviewer 2: These bullet points are indented by a single space, remove it please :)
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Name`: Enter the name for the advantage.
- :guilabel:`Advantage Field`: Select from the drop-down menu what field in the payslip this
  advantage appears under.
- :guilabel:`Advantage Type`: Select from the drop-down menu what type of advantage the benefit is.
  Select from :guilabel:`Monthly Benefit in Kind`, :guilabel:`Monthly Advantages in Net`,
  :guilabel:`Monthly Advantages in Cash`, or :guilabel:`Yearly Advantages in Cash`.
- :guilabel:`Salary Structure Type`: Select from the drop-down menu which salary structure type this
  advantage applies to.
```

Author: Oh no, I thought you needed a space before the bullet list =D fixed that, and will fix that moving forward! (I believe it is in other docs, FYI, I'll try to change them!)

cards can also be viewed by going to the :menuselection:`Employees` app.

.. note::
   An employee card can be thought of as an employee personnel file.

The *Personal Information* section lists all of the fields that are available to enter on the
employee's card. To access this section, go to :menuselection:`Payroll --> Configuration -->
Personal Info`.

.. image:: configuration/personal-info.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Personal information that appear on employee cards to enter.

To edit an entry, select it from the list. Then, click the :guilabel:`Edit` button, and modify the
entry. When done, click :guilabel:`Save` or :guilabel:`Discard` to save the information or cancel
the edits.

.. image:: configuration/personal-new.png
   :align: center
   :alt: New personal information entry.

The two most important fields on the personal info form are :guilabel:`Is Required` and
:guilabel:`Display Type`. Checking the :guilabel:`Is Required` box makes the field mandatory on the
employee's card.

The :guilabel:`Display Type` drop-down menu allows for the information to be entered in a variety of

> ways, from a text box, to a customizable radio button, a check box, a document, and more.

Reviewer 2: These are selections from a dropdown menu so they get guilabels :)
```suggestion
ways, from a :guilabel:`Text` box, to a customizable :guilabel:`Radio` button, a
:guilabel:`Checkbox`, a :guilabel:`Document`, and more.
```

.. image:: configuration/advantages.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Settings available for payroll.

To make a new advantage, click the :guilabel:`Create` button. Enter the information in the fields,
then click the :guilabel:`Save` button to save the changes, or click :guilabel:`Discard` to delete
the entry.

.. image:: configuration/new-advantage.png
   :align: center
   :alt: List of advantages employee's can have.

The required fields for an advantage are:

 - :guilabel:`Name`: Enter the name for the advantage.
 - :guilabel:`Advantage Field`: Select from the drop-down menu what field in the payslip this
   advantage appears under.
 - :guilabel:`Advantage Type`: Select from the drop-down menu what type of advantage the benefit is.
   Select from :guilabel:`Monthly Benefit in Kind`, :guilabel:`Monthly Advantages in Net`,
   :guilabel:`Monthly Advantages in Cash`, or :guilabel:`Yearly Advantages in Cash`.
 - :guilabel:`Salary Structure Type`: Select from the drop-down menu which salary structure type
   this advantage applies to.

Personal info
-------------

Every employee in Odoo has an *employee card* that includes all of their personal information,

> resume, work information, and documents. To view an employee's card, go to the main *Payroll* app

Reviewer: We should use menuselection for the app name here, since it's part of navigational instructions.
```suggestion
resume, work information, and documents. To view an employee's card, go to the main :menuselection:`Payroll` app
```

The *Personal Information* section lists all of the fields that are available to enter on the
employee's card. To access this section, go to :menuselection:`Payroll --> Configuration -->
Personal Info`.

.. image:: configuration/personal-info.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Personal information that appear on employee cards to enter.

To edit an entry, select it from the list. Then, click the :guilabel:`Edit` button, and modify the
entry. When done, click :guilabel:`Save` or :guilabel:`Discard` to save the information or cancel
the edits.

.. image:: configuration/personal-new.png
   :align: center
   :alt: New personal information entry.

The two most important fields on the personal info form are :guilabel:`Is Required` and
:guilabel:`Display Type`. Checking the :guilabel:`Is Required` box makes the field mandatory on the
employee's card.

The :guilabel:`Display Type` drop-down menu allows for the information to be entered in a variety of
ways, from a text box, a customizable radio button, a check box, a document, and more.

Once the information is entered, click the :guilabel:`Save` button to save the entry.

Resume
------

.. note::

>    Currently, the **Resume** feature found inside the Payroll app --> Configuration menu is still in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Currently, the :guilabel:`Resume` feature found inside the :menuselection:`Payroll app --> Configuration` menu is still in
```

>    development and only serves a specific use case for Belgian markets. We will update the
>    documentation again when this section has matured to more markets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   development and only serves a specific use case for Belgian markets. The
   documentation will be updated when this section has matured to more markets.
```

The :guilabel:`Settings` section is where localization settings are configured. *Localizations* are
country-specific settings pre-configured in Odoo at the creation of the database, and account for
all taxes, fees, and allowances for that particular country.  The localization section of the
settings includes a detailed view of all benefits provided to employees.

To access the settings, go to :menuselection:`Payroll --> Configuration --> Settings`. Whether or
not payslips are posted in accounting, and whether SEPA payments are created, is selected here.

.. image:: configuration/payroll-settings.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Settings available for payroll.

Any country-specific localizations are set up in the  :guilabel:`Localization` section of the
settings screen. All localization items are pre-populated when the country is specified during the
creation of the database. It is not recommended to alter the localization settings unless
specifically required.

Work entries
============

A *work entry* is an individual record on an employee's timesheet. Work entries can be configured to
account for all types of work and time off, such as `Attendance`, `Sick Time Off`, `Training`, or

> `Public Holiday`.

Author: I also agree- I was thinking since the terms are also generic, like sick time off, I thought I could leave them lower case (I feel like I use WAY too many GUI labels in my docs). =)

Work entry types
----------------

When creating a work entry in the *Payroll* application, or when an employee enters information in
the *Timesheets* application, a work entry type needs to be selected. The list of work entry types
is automatically created based on localization settings set in the database.

Each work entry type has a code to aid in the creation of payslips, and ensure all taxes and fees
are correctly entered.

Go to :menuselection:`Payroll --> Configuration --> Work Entry Types` to view the current work entry
types available.

.. image:: configuration/work-entry-types.png
   :align: center
   :alt: List of all work entry types currently available.

New work entry type
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To create a new :guilabel:`Work Entry Type`, click the :guilabel:`Create` button. Enter the
information on the form:

- :guilabel:`Work Entry Type Name`: The name should be short and descriptive, such as `Sick Time` or
  `Public Holiday`.

> - :guilabel:`Code`: This code appears with the work entry type on timesheets and payslips. Since

Author: Odoo calls the app "timesheets" so I will make sure they are consistently one word.

  the code is used in conjunction with the *Accounting* application, it is advised to check with
  the accounting department for a code to use.

- :guilabel:`Sequence`: The sequence determines the order that the work entry is computed in the
  payslip list.

- Check Boxes: If any of the items in the list applies to the work entry, check off the box by
  clicking it. If :guilabel:`Time Off` is checked off, a :guilabel:`Time Off Type` field appears.
  This field has a drop-down menu to select the specific type of time off, or a new type of time off
  can be entered.

.. image:: configuration/new-work-entry.png
   :align: center
   :alt: New work entry type box.

> - :guilabel:`Rounding`: The rounding method determines how timesheet entries are displayed on the
> payslip.

Reviewer 3: Hi :)
Just passing by, as I saw there was a problem with a build:
![image](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/46810843/e35b2b13-3c83-4c90-9abc-9a590aecca99)
As you can see when you build your doc locally, or by checking the ci build (the check made by robodoo on your pull request), there are two spaces missing at line 84
![image](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/46810843/d886f082-930f-40fc-98c4-73fb5972c96f)
![image](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/46810843/1b3dfd55-7b04-417e-9893-62f3635d8883)
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Rounding`: The rounding method determines how timesheet entries are displayed on the
  payslip.
```

Have a good day!
